---
subcategory: "Object IPS"
layout: "fortimanager"
page_title: "FortiManager: fortimanager_object_ips_custom"
description: |-
  Configure IPS custom signature.
---

# fortimanager_object_ips_custom
Configure IPS custom signature.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "fortimanager_object_ips_custom" "trname" {
  rule_id   = 1
  signature = "F-SBID(--name: [string]; --service: [string]; --flow: [string])"
  tag       = "terraform-ipscustom"
}
```

## Argument Reference


The following arguments are supported:

* `scopetype` - The scope of application of the resource. Valid values: `inherit`, `adom`, `global`. The `inherit` means that the scopetype of the provider will be inherited, and adom will also be inherited. The default value is `inherit`.
* `adom` - Adom. This value is valid only when the `scopetype` is `adom`, otherwise the value of adom in the provider will be inherited.

* `action` - Default action (pass or block) for this signature. Valid values: `block`, `pass`.

* `application` - Applications to be protected. Blank for all applications.
* `comment` - Comment.
* `location` - Protect client or server traffic.
* `log` - Enable/disable logging. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `log_packet` - Enable/disable packet logging. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `os` - Operating system(s) that the signature protects. Blank for all operating systems.
* `protocol` - Protocol(s) that the signature scans. Blank for all protocols.
* `rule_id` - Rule-Id.
* `severity` - Relative severity of the signature, from info to critical. Log messages generated by the signature include the severity.
* `sig_name` - Sig-Name.
* `signature` - Custom signature enclosed in single quotes.
* `status` - Enable/disable this signature. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `tag` - Signature tag.


## Attribute Reference

In addition to all the above arguments, the following attributes are exported:
* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format {{tag}}.

## Import

ObjectIps Custom can be imported using any of these accepted formats:
```

$ export "FORTIMANAGER_IMPORT_TABLE"="true"
$ terraform import fortimanager_object_ips_custom.labelname {{tag}}
$ unset "FORTIMANAGER_IMPORT_TABLE"
```
-> **Hint:** The scopetype and adom here will directly inherit the scopetype and adom configuration of the provider.
