---
subcategory: "System Global"
layout: "fortimanager"
page_title: "FortiManager: fortimanager_system_interface"
description: |-
  Interface configuration.
---

# fortimanager_system_interface
Interface configuration.

## Argument Reference


The following arguments are supported:


* `alias` - Alias.
* `allowaccess` - Allow management access to interface. ping - PING access. https - HTTPS access. ssh - SSH access. snmp - SNMP access. http - HTTP access. webservice - Web service access. https-logging - Logging over HTTPS access. Valid values: `ping`, `https`, `ssh`, `snmp`, `http`, `webservice`, `https-logging`.

* `description` - Description.
* `ip` - IP address of interface.
* `ipv6` - Ipv6. The structure of `ipv6` block is documented below.
* `mtu` - Maximum transportation unit(68 - 9000).
* `name` - Interface name.
* `rating_service_ip` - IP address for fgt rating service, must be same subnet with interface ip.
* `serviceaccess` - Allow service access to interface. fgtupdates - FortiGate updates access. fclupdates - FortiClient updates access. webfilter-antispam - Web filtering and antispam access. Valid values: `fgtupdates`, `fclupdates`, `webfilter-antispam`.

* `speed` - Speed. auto - Auto adjust speed. 10full - 10M full-duplex. 10half - 10M half-duplex. 100full - 100M full-duplex. 100half - 100M half-duplex. 1000full - 1000M full-duplex. 10000full - 10000M full-duplex. Valid values: `auto`, `10full`, `10half`, `100full`, `100half`, `1000full`, `10000full`.

* `status` - Interface status. down - Interface down. up - Interface up. Valid values: `down`, `up`.

* `update_service_ip` - IP address for fgt/fct update service, must be same subnet with interface ip.
* `autogenerated` - Indicates whether the interface is automatically created by FortiManager, for example, created during the VPN creation process. If it is, set it to "auto", else keep it empty.
* `type` - Indicates whether the type of the interface is physical. If it is, set it to "physical", else keep it empty.

The `ipv6` block supports:

* `ip6_address` - IPv6 address/prefix of interface.
* `ip6_allowaccess` - Allow management access to interface. ping - PING access. https - HTTPS access. ssh - SSH access. snmp - SNMP access. http - HTTP access. webservice - Web service access. https-logging - Logging over HTTPS access. Valid values: `ping`, `https`, `ssh`, `snmp`, `http`, `webservice`, `https-logging`.

* `ip6_autoconf` - Enable/disable address auto config (SLAAC). disable - Disable setting. enable - Enable setting. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.


-> If you want to modify the configuration of the interface which is automatically created by FortiManager (for example, the interface created during the VPN creation process), please set the `autogenerated` argument to "auto".


## Attribute Reference

In addition to all the above arguments, the following attributes are exported:
* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format {{name}}.

## Import

System Interface can be imported using any of these accepted formats:
```

$ export "FORTIMANAGER_IMPORT_TABLE"="true"
$ terraform import fortimanager_system_interface.labelname {{name}}
$ unset "FORTIMANAGER_IMPORT_TABLE"
```

