---
subcategory: "Object IPS"
layout: "fortimanager"
page_title: "FortiManager: fortimanager_object_ips_sensor"
description: |-
  Configure IPS sensor.
---

# fortimanager_object_ips_sensor
Configure IPS sensor.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "fortimanager_object_ips_sensor" "trname" {
  block_malicious_url = "disable"
  comment             = "terraform-comment"
  name                = "terraform-tefv-ipssensor"
}
```

## Argument Reference


The following arguments are supported:

* `scopetype` - The scope of application of the resource. Valid values: `inherit`, `adom`, `global`. The `inherit` means that the scopetype of the provider will be inherited, and adom will also be inherited. The default value is `inherit`.
* `adom` - Adom. This value is valid only when the `scopetype` is `adom`, otherwise the value of adom in the provider will be inherited.

* `_baseline` - _Baseline.
* `block_malicious_url` - Enable/disable malicious URL blocking. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `comment` - Comment.
* `entries` - Entries. The structure of `entries` block is documented below.
* `extended_log` - Enable/disable extended logging. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `name` - Sensor name.
* `replacemsg_group` - Replacement message group.
* `scan_botnet_connections` - Block or monitor connections to Botnet servers, or disable Botnet scanning. Valid values: `disable`, `block`, `monitor`.

* `dynamic_sort_subtable` - true or false, set this parameter to true when using dynamic for_each + toset to configure and sort sub-tables, please do not set this parameter when configuring static sub-tables.

The `entries` block supports:

* `action` - Action taken with traffic in which signatures are detected. Valid values: `pass`, `block`, `reset`, `default`.

* `application` - Applications to be protected. set application ? lists available applications. all includes all applications. other includes all unlisted applications.
* `cve` - List of CVE IDs of the signatures to add to the sensor
* `default_action` - Signature default action filter. Valid values: `block`, `pass`, `all`, `drop`.

* `default_status` - Signature default status filter. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`, `all`.

* `exempt_ip` - Exempt-Ip. The structure of `exempt_ip` block is documented below.
* `id` - Rule ID in IPS database (0 - 4294967295).
* `last_modified` - Filter by signature last modified date. Formats: before &lt;date&gt;, after &lt;date&gt;, between &lt;start-date&gt; &lt;end-date&gt;.
* `location` - Protect client or server traffic.
* `log` - Enable/disable logging of signatures included in filter. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `log_attack_context` - Enable/disable logging of attack context: URL buffer, header buffer, body buffer, packet buffer. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `log_packet` - Enable/disable packet logging. Enable to save the packet that triggers the filter. You can download the packets in pcap format for diagnostic use. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `os` - Operating systems to be protected.  all includes all operating systems. other includes all unlisted operating systems.
* `protocol` - Protocols to be examined. set protocol ? lists available protocols. all includes all protocols. other includes all unlisted protocols.
* `quarantine` - Quarantine method. Valid values: `none`, `attacker`, `both`, `interface`.

* `quarantine_expiry` - Duration of quarantine. (Format ###d##h##m, minimum 1m, maximum 364d23h59m, default = 5m). Requires quarantine set to attacker.
* `quarantine_log` - Enable/disable quarantine logging. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `rate_count` - Count of the rate.
* `rate_duration` - Duration (sec) of the rate.
* `rate_mode` - Rate limit mode. Valid values: `periodical`, `continuous`.

* `rate_track` - Track the packet protocol field. Valid values: `none`, `src-ip`, `dest-ip`, `dhcp-client-mac`, `dns-domain`.

* `rule` - Identifies the predefined or custom IPS signatures to add to the sensor.
* `severity` - Relative severity of the signature, from info to critical. Log messages generated by the signature include the severity.
* `status` - Status of the signatures included in filter. default enables the filter and only use filters with default status of enable. Filters with default status of disable will not be used. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`, `default`.

* `vuln_type` - List of signature vulnerability types to filter by.

The `exempt_ip` block supports:

* `dst_ip` - Destination IP address and netmask.
* `id` - Exempt IP ID.
* `src_ip` - Source IP address and netmask.


## Attribute Reference

In addition to all the above arguments, the following attributes are exported:
* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format {{name}}.

## Import

ObjectIps Sensor can be imported using any of these accepted formats:
```

$ export "FORTIMANAGER_IMPORT_TABLE"="true"
$ terraform import fortimanager_object_ips_sensor.labelname {{name}}
$ unset "FORTIMANAGER_IMPORT_TABLE"
```
-> **Hint:** The scopetype and adom for import will directly inherit the scopetype and adom configuration of the provider.
