---
subcategory: "No Category"
layout: "fortimanager"
page_title: "FortiManager: fortimanager_object_global_ips_sensor"
description: |-
  Configure IPS sensor.
---

# fortimanager_object_global_ips_sensor
Configure IPS sensor.

## Argument Reference


The following arguments are supported:

* `scopetype` - The scope of application of the resource. Valid values: `inherit`, `adom`, `global`. The `inherit` means that the scopetype of the provider will be inherited, and adom will also be inherited. The default value is `inherit`.
* `adom` - Adom. This value is valid only when the `scopetype` is `adom`, otherwise the value of adom in the provider will be inherited.

* `block_malicious_url` - Enable/disable malicious URL blocking. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `comment` - Comment.
* `entries` - Entries. The structure of `entries` block is documented below.
* `extended_log` - Enable/disable extended logging. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `filter` - Filter. The structure of `filter` block is documented below.
* `log` - Log. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `name` - Sensor name.
* `override` - Override. The structure of `override` block is documented below.
* `replacemsg_group` - Replacement message group.
* `scan_botnet_connections` - Block or monitor connections to Botnet servers, or disable Botnet scanning. Valid values: `disable`, `block`, `monitor`.

* `dynamic_sort_subtable` - true or false, set this parameter to true when using dynamic for_each + toset to configure and sort sub-tables, please do not set this parameter when configuring static sub-tables.

The `entries` block supports:

* `action` - Action taken with traffic in which signatures are detected. Valid values: `pass`, `block`, `reset`, `default`.

* `application` - Operating systems to be protected. Use all for every application and other for unlisted application.
* `cve` - List of CVE IDs of the signatures to add to the sensor.
* `default_action` - Default-Action. Valid values: `block`, `pass`, `all`, `drop`.

* `default_status` - Default-Status. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`, `all`.

* `exempt_ip` - Exempt-Ip. The structure of `exempt_ip` block is documented below.
* `id` - Rule ID in IPS database (0 - 4294967295).
* `last_modified` - Last-Modified.
* `location` - Protect client or server traffic.
* `log` - Enable/disable logging of signatures included in filter. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `log_attack_context` - Enable/disable logging of attack context: URL buffer, header buffer, body buffer, packet buffer. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `log_packet` - Enable/disable packet logging. Enable to save the packet that triggers the filter. You can download the packets in pcap format for diagnostic use. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `os` - Operating systems to be protected. Use all for every operating system and other for unlisted operating systems.
* `position` - Position. Valid values: `header`, `footer`.

* `protocol` - Protocols to be examined. Use all for every protocol and other for unlisted protocols.
* `quarantine` - Quarantine method. Valid values: `none`, `attacker`, `both`, `interface`.

* `quarantine_expiry` - Duration of quarantine. (Format ###d##h##m, minimum 1m, maximum 364d23h59m, default = 5m). Requires quarantine set to attacker.
* `quarantine_log` - Enable/disable quarantine logging. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `rate_count` - Count of the rate.
* `rate_duration` - Duration (sec) of the rate.
* `rate_mode` - Rate limit mode. Valid values: `periodical`, `continuous`.

* `rate_track` - Track the packet protocol field. Valid values: `none`, `src-ip`, `dest-ip`, `dhcp-client-mac`, `dns-domain`.

* `rule` - Identifies the predefined or custom IPS signatures to add to the sensor.
* `severity` - Relative severity of the signature, from info to critical. Log messages generated by the signature include the severity.
* `status` - Status of the signatures included in filter. Only those filters with a status to enable are used. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`, `default`.

* `tags` - Tags.
* `vuln_type` - Vuln-Type.

The `exempt_ip` block supports:

* `dst_ip` - Destination IP address and netmask (applies to packet matching the signature).
* `id` - Exempt IP ID.
* `src_ip` - Source IP address and netmask (applies to packet matching the signature).

The `filter` block supports:

* `action` - Action. Valid values: `pass`, `block`, `default`, `reset`.

* `application` - Application.
* `applicationreal` - Application(Real).
* `location` - Location.
* `locationreal` - Location(Real).
* `log` - Log. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`, `default`.

* `log_packet` - Log-Packet. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`, `default`.

* `name` - Name.
* `os` - Os.
* `osreal` - Os(Real).
* `protocol` - Protocol.
* `protocolreal` - Protocol(Real).
* `quarantine` - Quarantine. Valid values: `none`, `attacker`, `both`, `interface`.

* `quarantine_expiry` - Quarantine-Expiry.
* `quarantine_log` - Quarantine-Log. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `severity` - Severity.
* `severityreal` - Severity(Real).
* `status` - Status. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`, `default`.


The `override` block supports:

* `action` - Action. Valid values: `pass`, `block`, `reset`.

* `exempt_ip` - Exempt-Ip. The structure of `exempt_ip` block is documented below.
* `log` - Log. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `log_packet` - Log-Packet. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `quarantine` - Quarantine. Valid values: `none`, `attacker`, `both`, `interface`.

* `quarantine_expiry` - Quarantine-Expiry.
* `quarantine_log` - Quarantine-Log. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.

* `rule_id` - Rule-Id.
* `status` - Status. Valid values: `disable`, `enable`.


The `exempt_ip` block supports:

* `dst_ip` - Dst-Ip.
* `id` - Id.
* `src_ip` - Src-Ip.


## Attribute Reference

In addition to all the above arguments, the following attributes are exported:
* `id` - an identifier for the resource with format {{name}}.

## Import

ObjectGlobal IpsSensor can be imported using any of these accepted formats:
```

$ export "FORTIMANAGER_IMPORT_TABLE"="true"
$ terraform import fortimanager_object_global_ips_sensor.labelname {{name}}
$ unset "FORTIMANAGER_IMPORT_TABLE"
```
-> **Hint:** The scopetype and adom for import will directly inherit the scopetype and adom configuration of the provider.
