---
subcategory: "No Category"
layout: "fortimanager"
page_title: "FortiManager: fortimanager_object_system_npu_icmpratectrl"
description: |-
  Configure the rate of ICMP messages generated by this FortiGate.
---

# fortimanager_object_system_npu_icmpratectrl
Configure the rate of ICMP messages generated by this FortiGate.

~> This resource is a sub resource for variable `icmp_rate_ctrl` of resource `fortimanager_object_system_npu`. Conflict and overwrite may occur if use both of them.



## Argument Reference


The following arguments are supported:

* `scopetype` - The scope of application of the resource. Valid values: `inherit`, `adom`, `global`. The `inherit` means that the scopetype of the provider will be inherited, and adom will also be inherited. The default value is `inherit`.
* `adom` - Adom. This value is valid only when the `scopetype` is `adom`, otherwise the value of adom in the provider will be inherited.

* `icmp_v4_bucket_size` - Bucket size used in the token bucket algorithm for controlling the flow of ICMPv4 packets (1 - 100, default = 10).
* `icmp_v4_rate` - Average rate of ICMPv4 packets that allowed to be generated per second (1 - 100, default = 1).
* `icmp_v6_bucket_size` - Bucket size used in the token bucket algorithm for controlling the flow of ICMPv6 packets (1 - 100, default = 10).
* `icmp_v6_rate` - Average rate of ICMPv6 packets that allowed to be generated per second (1 - 100, default = 1).


## Attribute Reference

In addition to all the above arguments, the following attributes are exported:
* `id` - an identifier for the resource.

## Import

ObjectSystem NpuIcmpRateCtrl can be imported using any of these accepted formats:
```

$ export "FORTIMANAGER_IMPORT_TABLE"="true"
$ terraform import fortimanager_object_system_npu_icmpratectrl.labelname ObjectSystemNpuIcmpRateCtrl
$ unset "FORTIMANAGER_IMPORT_TABLE"
```
-> **Hint:** The scopetype and adom for import will directly inherit the scopetype and adom configuration of the provider.
